change default for SAPT0 aux (#2582)
psi4/psi4: doc/sphinxman/source/adc.rst

*Module:* :ref:`Keywords <apdx:adc>`, :ref:`PSI Variables <apdx:adc_psivar>`, :source:`ADC <psi4/src/psi4/adc>`

.. caution:: As of Spring 2022, v1.6, the built-in backend is deprecated and will only be active

>    when adcc addon backend is unavailable. Eventually built-in ADC will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   when adcc addon backend is unavailable. In v1.7, built-in ADC will be removed.
```
